Move Prometheus custom metrics and alerting tutorials (#224)
kyma-project/examples: prometheus/monitoring-grafana-dashboard/README.md

# Create a Grafana dashboard

> Follow these sections to create the Gauge dashboard type for the `cpu_temperature_celsius` metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these instructions to create the Gauge dashboard type for the `cpu_temperature_celsius` metric.
```

## Prerequisites

* Kyma as the target deployment environment.
* Deployed custom kube-prometheus-stack as described in the [prometheus](../) example.
* Deployed [custom-metrics example](../monitoring-custom-metrics).

## Create the dashboard

1. [Access Grafana](../README.md#verify-the-installation).
2. Add a new dashboard with a new panel.
3. For your new query, select **Prometheus** from the data source selector.
4. Pick the `cpu_temperature_celsius` metric.

> 5. To retrieve the latest metric value on demand, activate the **Instant** switch.

Reviewer 2: Would be really nice to specify a bit where it is on Grafana dashboard. I had a really hard time understanding what the Instant switch actually means

6. From the visualization panels, select the **Gauge** dashboard type.
7. Save your changes and provide a name for the dashboard.

## Configure the dashboard

1. To edit the dashboard settings, go to the **Panel Title** options and select **Edit**.

> 2. Find the **Field** tab and set the measuring unit to Celsius degrees, indicating the metric data type.

Reviewer 2: Would be nice to mention that we choose this value in Unit section

> 3. Set the minimum metric value to `60` and the maximum value to `90`, indicating the `cpu_temperature_celsius` metric value range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To indicate the `cpu_temperature_celsius` metric value range, set the minimum metric value to `60` and the maximum value to `90`. 
```

4. For the dashboard to turn red once the CPU temperature reaches and exceeds 75°C, set a red color threshold to `75`.
5. Go to the **Panel** tab and title the dashboard, for example, `CPU Temperature`.
6. To display this range on the dashboard, make sure that under **Panel > Display**, the threshold labels and threshold markers are activated.

> 7. Save your changes. We recommend that you add a note to describe the changes made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Save your changes. It is recommended that you add a note to describe the changes made.
```

## Check the dashboard

Refresh the browser to see how the dashboard changes according to the current value of the `cpu_temperature_celsius` metric.

- If the current metric value ranges from 60 to 74 degrees Celsius, it turns **green**.
- If the current metric value ranges from 75 to 90 degrees Celsius, it turns **red**.

## Add the dashboard as Kubernetes resource

> When you create a dashboard to monitor one of your applications (Function, microservice,...), we recommend that you define the dashboard as a Kubernetes ConfigMap resource. In this case, a Grafana sidecar automatically loads the Dashboard on Grafana startup. Following that approach, you can easily keep the dashboard definition together with the Kubernetes resource definitions of your application and port it to different clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a dashboard to monitor one of your applications (Function, microservice,...), it is recommended that you define the dashboard as a Kubernetes ConfigMap resource. In this case, a Grafana sidecar automatically loads the Dashboard on Grafana startup. Following that approach, you can easily keep the dashboard definition together with the Kubernetes resource definitions of your application and port it to different clusters.
```
